1436790/1438462: Part 17: 19 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10396)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/interop/blittable-and-non-blittable-types.md

  
-   One-dimensional arrays of blittable types, such as an array of integers. However, a type that contains a variable array of blittable types is not itself blittable.  
  

> -   Formatted value types that contain only blittable types (and classes if they are marshaled as formatted types). For more information about formatted value types, see [Default Marshaling for Value Types](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/0t2cwe11(v=vs.100)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Formatted value types that contain only blittable types (and classes if they are marshaled as formatted types). For more information about formatted value types, see [Default marshaling for value types](default-marshaling-behavior.md#default-marshaling-for-value-types).  
```

  
 Object references are not blittable. This includes an array of references to objects that are blittable by themselves. For example, you can define a structure that is blittable, but you cannot define a blittable type that contains an array of references to those structures.  
  
 As an optimization, arrays of blittable types and classes that contain only blittable members are [pinned](../../../docs/framework/interop/copying-and-pinning.md) instead of copied during marshaling. These types can appear to be marshaled as In/Out parameters when the caller and callee are in the same apartment. However, these types are actually marshaled as In parameters, and you must apply the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.InAttribute> and <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.OutAttribute> attributes if you want to marshal the argument as an In/Out parameter.  
  
 Some managed data types require a different representation in an unmanaged environment. These non-blittable data types must be converted into a form that can be marshaled. For example, managed strings are non-blittable types because they must be converted into string objects before they can be marshaled.  
  

>  The following table lists non-blittable types from the <xref:System> namespace. [Delegates](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/7esfatk4(v=vs.100)), which are data structures that refer to a static method or to a class instance, are also non-blittable.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following table lists non-blittable types from the <xref:System> namespace. [Delegates](default-marshaling-behavior.md#default-marshaling-for-delegates), which are data structures that refer to a static method or to a class instance, are also non-blittable.  
```
